Thank you everyone. Thank you everyone. We will talk again now. Again resume or talk, go through
the teaching by the Japanese, the New languages. And this is the New languages teaching.
What we're going to do is the essential teachings of the greatest teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni. How
to put that into practice? More simple, more easy, more accurate.
That's so good. We have some good realizations in this lifetime. That will be continually benefited
, bright up our destinations to come.
So that's what really we're going through this all, that one kind of going to create you slowly by
slowly to activate our knowledge and understanding of the dharma.
Then we will resume to culminate, create the mask as one up another and as well as also we read
books so much.
So all those kind of trying to really kind of reactivate it, trying to burn on the spotlight so
that we really benefited to ourself. We will bring joy, peace, happiness, and support ourself.
Also some really that energy where we got joy, peace, happiness, some realization benefited to the
others. So that is what it is all about.
And now again to do this, according to teaching, always to mention and so we will extend our
motivation again.
Why I'm talking all-time motivation? Because this is really what teaching is best upon the
motivation.
In time, Buddha's teachings of the nine jnana teachings, all idi-portonous teachings are to purify
our obscuration of the mind.
All wide negative mind, transcendent and bring the ordinary, any nature of the mind.
Mind, peace, happiness, loving-kindness. When our mind is become in that beautiful status, it
naturally affects our verbal communications.
Our verbal communication will become gentle, peaceful, and also immediately affect our physical
activities. Our physical activities will become more gentle, more peaceful, more appealing, more
counter-active, beneficial, and politeness.
All those really will come. So easily beautiful. That's why great teachers, Buddha summarized the
entire teaching, said, "Suryu all the negative ideas and perform all the positive activities or
virtues, discipline on its own mind."
This is Buddha teaching. Oh, this is my teaching. That's what great teachers said.
Discipline on one's own mind, what we're going to discipline, we're going to discipline our wide
neurotic, that unbeneficial thought.
They're going to discipline. They're going to subdue. And now to do that, the teaching, follow with
the teaching of the Buddha Chaturmani is excellent.
There's no better solutions, better alternatives taught by any other great masters to end the
Buddha's teaching.
It's really wonderful. It's gentle, peaceful, appealing. It touches our core of our heart, our own
nature.
It's explaining our nature, our beauty. That is all about it. So therefore, for that reason, we
really follow it. That's what we practice.
We're not just practicing, we're not just leaving that intellectual status, we're observing that in
our heart, activating that.
So that we'll be radiating through our, as I said, hearing, through the mind, through the speech,
through the body. That is what it is.
So therefore, again, this is our beautiful motivation of the joy and the appreciations. Life is
precious. Life is so special.
We're here, short times, in a way. In a way, 100 years, what? 60 years, 40 years, 30 years, 20
years, whatever it is.
We're here, in a way, in a kind of long period of the century, all those things of that, our life
span is really not too long.
At that time, we're trying to really bring some good result in our self.
And therefore, again, bring joy and appreciation. Bring more joy, you know, appreciation is our
situation, the sound of blessing.
And which is done, which is essence of the one of practices.
And then, to get with it, bodhictham, vastness, motivation of the bodhictham for all living beings.
That's what the teachings say. And that is what we're going through.
And then, purely, realization of the wedding and the teaching.
So those all beautiful motivation, intention, that is our foundation.
From that foundation, we're going to build up, reactivate, re-glorify that motivation, is the
practices.
That is what we're really going to do.
And again, to do that, and when we went through this, I said,
don't know, we teach teaching through this.
The Japanese Union was teaching, we discussed about that.
Started with the poor. They don't second thoughts. We discussed.
That is the essence of the teachings of the great city of Buddha Shakyamuni,
first true, noble truth, teaching.
Cause of suffering truth, suffering truth.
That is basically, it is really the essence of that.
How to bring that again.
That is nothing mystery, is nothing kind of like any extra ordinary,
or is it kind of like something secret of Buddhist domas or anything.
It's the way things are.
That is, and these four renowned second thoughts are, again, break life.
It's so precious. That reflecting on them.
This, also, this renowned second thought is all great tools of the mindfulness practices.
Mindfulness efforts.
But looking outside all the time, we look into our own best foundation,
our own home where we are.
Really, and break, so we don't ignore our break life.
And therefore, great teacher, brother told, break life.
Life is so important, precious.
It's weaker to cross the ocean of samsara,
or it's a fundamental tool to bring some good developments.
So therefore, well, body is here.
Life is here. It's so special, so beautiful.
That is the way this body is like temple.
It's a shrine of the divine mandalas.
It's so special.
That divine mandalas is with us.
How precious. How beautiful.
And we really use this mandala.
We really can activate it in not just the body, only our body mandala.
The entire universe can really become the mandala of the Buddha as it is said.
The next one is for renowned second thought, as we all know, in parmana.
If parmana is changing, again reflecting on that, not naively ignoring that,
but looking to that in parmana is very true.
It's true. It's changing. We know.
It's changing all the time, constantly.
So when we reflect in parmana, what is in the teaching?
It will bring our minds more gentle, more peaceful, more practical.
We will become more wise to use the tiles, not restless tiles.
And that is what it is, reflecting on in parmana.
Again, if we reflect on the mind, when in parmana is a very, very powerful mindfulness practice.
It brings us more to the center, not skater. It will bring.
And then bring to the center.
The next one is for renowned second thought, as we all know.
Cause and effects are inevitable, which are also known as karma.
This is true. Externally, everything is exactly the way things are.
Cause and conditions, and that break the result.
And similarly, our mantras are really the same.
So, again, put more mind for us.
So our activities become more mindful, more gentle, more peaceful, more meaningful, more practical.
It really will help.
And therefore, reflecting on the law of the karma, or cause and effects.
The next one is the fourth one, which is samsara as it are, difficult, challenging.
Because it's changing. It is moving. It's not stable all the time.
One after another. Change is not bad, because that's what we can improve.
But it is always like, most of the roller coasters, ups and don'ts, and all that.
And then our feelings, our intentions, our desires, not always matching those things.
What change comes, and then we, in a way, crushed with that.
Because what we expected, what is happening, naturally, and then it becomes uncomfortable.
So reflecting that, and what it does, it will does.
It will broaden our mind, more open mind, more relaxed mind.
Let it come. Let it go.
Are we going to continue going to serve, suffering on these waves of the change of life?
That is what really identity and the principle of the practitioners.
That's what we went through.
And then we talk about the references.
That is the foundation of the Buddha teaching, rafuj.
We discussed that going to rafuj.
One way to help the rafuj is the primary purpose of the cause of rafuj in the Mahayana.
It is compassion.
Because I like to help all the sentient beings, and remove their suffering, their difficulty,
trouble.
Therefore, I like to check rafuj and get help, activated by standing,
so that I can help to all the beings from the Buddhas, bodhisattvas, Dharma teachings.
So that's really, in the teachings, primary cause of checking rafuj,
according to Mahayana, is compassion.
Once we talk to rafuj, then we discuss about the bodhicadai.
Bodhicadai is a very, very special teaching of the Mahayana.
Generally, the entire Buddha teaching is best upon compassion.
Best upon loving kindness.
But Mahayana is emphasizing on the compassion and bodhicadai.
That is, in Mahayana, again bodhicadai, we discussed.
And bodhicadai can be a different kind of way to divisions or different durations.
We summarize according to teaching two bodhicadas, wishing bodhicadai and actualizing bodhicadai.
When there is wishing bodhicadai, when there is actualizing bodhicadai,
it is compassion, it is loving kindness, it is a wisdom.
That is all that is important.
There is no difference.
And first, when things develop in bodhicadai, then there is truth.
Wishing bodhicadai comes first, and as wishing bodhicadai comes first,
and as keep that attitude of that wishing bodhicadai,
and then we activate the bodhicadai, which is actualizing bodhicadai.
So, wishing bodhicadai is, again, the highlight of the pole boundless.
That we went through and you all know pole boundless.
This pole boundless, again, this bodhicadai is a coordinated teaching of the Buddha,
in particular Mahayana, in the Vedicana teaching.
Bodhicadai is nature of the mind.
It is really nature. It is one's own organic nature of the mind.
The nature of the mind is emptiness. The nature of the mind is loving kindness.
The nature of the mind is compassion.
It is blended in, targeted without any expressions.
It is, therefore, many times in the teaching, mentioned unions.
So that is what.
And that is extended in the Mahayana, pole boundless.
Without any borders, boundless love, boundless compassion, boundless joy,
and boundless equanimities. Without any borders.
When the Sittling College of that very fresh in the heart of the mind,
then, together with that, we do the tundi practices.
Those are the equalizing and the tundi, and others are even more important than ourselves.
Those are teaching. Those are the exercise, mentally exercised.
Once we have the Sittling College of the pole boundless,
then you put that in a mental exercise.
And the tundi practice, commonly, I think it is quite very popular in Western,
particularly those Western, the very best practice, tundi practice.
Tundi means sending the happiness and peace and joy,
taking in the difficult troubles of the sentient beings.
Those are known as tundi, but tundi has three.
First is equalizing.
Praying everyone is equal, that equal talk.
We all equal, really equal, feeling level equal,
design level equal, and as well as our convalescent.
Where we are is equal, or where we are best, where we are saying is equal,
what we are is equal, what we share is equal.
There is no really difference at all.
So this is true.
I found that true, that's true.
Passes.
Once you got that, again, I will do that, and then do the tundi practice.
Tundi, exchanging, tundi, exchanging, as I said earlier.
Once you got those things of you, it's not something that you have to do that,
that you can do ultimately that too.
But then, the most important, others are more important than ourselves.
So that is known as tundi practices.
Those all are teaching, measured as part of the wishing bodhicitta practices.
Now this wishing bodhicitta practices, then you come to the actualizing bodhicitta.
When you come to the actualizing bodhicitta,
then you can do also these tundi practices as well as the pole boneless practices.
The actualizing bodhicitta is what is generally the activity of the bodhisattvas, is the actual
izing bodhicitta.
And these bodhisattvas are activated in the teaching.
It is said, there is origin of the activity of the bodhisattvas.
There is so many, but summarize that all activated, the beneficial activated,
all the sentient beings are summarized into these six paramanas, six paramanas.
That is entirely Mahayana teaching.
Teaching in the teaching said can be, or practices can summarize in the six paramanas.
And the six paramana can summarize into three extraordinary teachings, as I said.
Morality, as I said, but this is the teaching said, it's not just I'm saying that, and you all know
that.
The morality, extraordinary practices, concentration, extraordinary ordinary practices,
and the wisdom, extraordinary ordinary practices.
Those are the three, labhasam or labhasam in the Vedic said, but it is six paramanas in that.
It is more condense in the Vedic way. And more, when we do the six paramana practices,
or three extraordinary practices, training practice, what is us?
In the kind of essence level, kind of summarized level, it will purify two obscurations.
It will accumulate, reactivate, re-energizing the two meanings, two meanings.
Purify the two obscurations, and those two obscurations,
whenever you already know, the emotion obscurations, that connected with ego clinkings,
and all this active growth, negative emotions, those are the emotion obscurations.
And then knowledge obscurations. Knowledge obscurations is subtle obscurations.
Subtle obscurations, in a way, bears of the emotion obscurations.
Bears, or foundation of the emotion obscurations, in a way, is subtle.
And that is what in the teaching said, grasping, clinging, clinging to the subject,
clinging to the object, clinging to the activities.
Those are known as knowledge obscurations.
So this two parameters of six paramana, it will clear that way.
Clear that way, and it will increase in the two merits.
Accumulation merit versus the merits.
Accumulation merit can be, for example,
post-three parameters are mainly accumulation merits,
which is generously parameter, and as well as morality parameter, patient parameters are
accumulation merits.
And the last two is concentration parameter versus the parameters are known as versatile merits.
And joyful effort parameter is support for all of parameters or both parameters.
So, both accumulation practices. So that is brilliant, isn't it?
When we are accumulating to merit, what is brain?
It brings our final realization, final, our discovery, our final, all the natures.
And what is natures? In the teaching said, it will bring the achievement of the two guys, two guys.
And again, we discussed that earlier when we were talking about taking refuge.
Taking refuge in Buddha, Dharma and the Sangha, we went through briefly about the Buddha's and Kaya
's.
And that two Kaya's are known as Dharma Kaya and Rupa Kaya's.
These are two Kaya's.
For example, this accumulation merits will bring the main result of the Rupa Kaya's.
Accumulation merits will bring the achievement of Rupa Kaya's.
Worst merits will be the achievement of Dharma Kaya's. That is just highlighted. The reality of
those, of course, these two Kaya's,
or two merits are not different from each other, big different from each other.
And also in the airport, also two Kaya's are not different big from each other.
Dharma Kaya and Rupa Kaya is one nature with many different aspects or many different emanations.
So Rupa Kaya is the result of the practice of the Accumulation melee.
And Dharma Kaya's discolourment is mainly the practice of the worst merits.
And so that is a brilliant understanding.
Again, just a highlight of that one we went through, through it last time, and just remind everyone
again.
And now, even those thought we are discussing, talking and following the teaching of Rupa Kaya and
Rupa Kaya,
we are talking about now, again, among the two bodhisattas, we are talking about the actualizing
bodhisattas.
The actualizing bodhisattas, again, six paramatas, come back to six paramatas.
And those six paramatas, again, are just a list of those we all know, you all know them.
At least we all know the names, I shouldn't say we all know them.
Those are very deep and profound, and it is just that.
But this is just a little terminology that we know.
And it's by the kindness, the gracious light of us by the Buddhas and all great masters, so we know
those.
And so the list of the names of the six paramatas, first is a generous paramata, and the second is
morality paramata,
and the third is a gracious paramata, and the fourth is a joyful effort paramata, and the fifth is
concentration paramata.
And sixth is the worst paramatas. Those are six paramatas.
These six paramatas are, again, the essence of the practice of the entire bodhisattvas, all the bod
hisattvas.
When you talk about the vows of the bodhisattva, what do we do?
We then practice of the six paramatas. That's what we discussed, or we went through a court of
teaching.
And then there are certain paramatas, each of those paramatas can be divided into many, I mean,
that.
Each of those all can be divided into six paramatas.
We then, each paramata can contain six of those, each of those.
And that way, in the teaching said, the 36 paramatas.
So that means the generous paramata has six paramatas of generousness.
And morality has six, and six, six, six. So 36, all tokens.
But then to summarize that, again, to kind of more similar, easy to get, and then paramata, each of
those divided into three.
Three. That means generously divided into, or subjubation three, and morality three, and so forth
like that.
And so in that way, we went through the first generous paramata, we went through those.
Generous paramata even divided for the more, not just three, for the more divided.
For example, material generosity paramata, we divided, I mean, not me, in the teaching.
Teaching said three of those.
Small material generosity, medium material generosity, and very enormous material generosity.
So even material generosity divided into three.
And that way, then it really makes even the five or six generosity paramata practice.
Those are where we really went last time, last time.
And you remember, and I'm sure you all know in the books and all that.
And also the great master's teachings, so that's it.
And so now, up we went through.
So now we went, that means we went through the generousness.
And now we go still with morality paramatas.
And we discussed that the last time, time and morality paramata is divided into three.
And those are known as the morality that will avoid all the negativities,
directly in, directly small or small, medium or big.
Whatever that is, avoiding that negativity, that is known as morality.
That's morality that avoided all negativities.
Whether it's a big one, whether it's a small one, whether it's a medium one, directly, indirectly.
That is first morality.
Second morality, gathering all the virtues.
Virtues, virtues, big, small, medium, whatever it is, directly, indirectly,
and currently intends to do, and on that mood, when we keep that attitude and do that,
that is known as the morality of the gathering of all the virtues.
And the third one, morality is known as morality that will,
performing all the beneficial activities.
Big, small, medium, or whatever, for all the beings.
And so that is three moralities.
Again, as I said already, we are all reminded to each, all of you ask.
You and me, all of us, morality, or this sixth paramata is absolutely best upon the full bonus.
Absolutely.
It is, whether it's morality, whether it's generosity, whether it's energy,
is all best upon the full bonus.
Also simple by it's best upon both each other, of the loving kindness of completion and versus.
That is really something, that's it, it is.
So now, morality, we've got the teaching that avoiding all the negative activities,
big and small or medium, that is morality.
Again, best upon loving kindness, completion and versus.
And that is, and so we went that last time.
Again, we shouldn't think, oh, morality, that have to avoid all the negative activities.
Negative activities is kind of big and huge and so kind of difficult, we should not think that.
It is simple.
It started simple way, simple way to activate that.
It's all our intentions, it's all our mindfulness, mindful with the compassion.
For example, in the teaching set, for example, how that is.
For example, we made soman.
Soman and you had sudden discussions and beginning, we started, looks like we're going to argue,
fight or argue, let's say argue.
Moment our voice has become kind of stronger or become louder, something,
that practice, both of these are the practices, immediately called that.
Oh, oh, why am I raising my voice?
I should not do this.
I'm body, body, I talk body to the ones.
I shouldn't do, it's not good.
That thought, that attitude, that mentality is a word in negative activities.
That is negative activity, you stop that.
You stop right there.
We've been good boys and girls every day.
That moment, you feel happy.
Happy, I kept my, by my mindfulness, I caught that and I immediately released, I stopped it.
Happy, and happy that.
And maybe we can say some words such as excuse, sorry, I said that.
Those things, oh, sorry that happened, something like that.
That is performing the virtues, gathering the virtues.
That you gather the virtues.
That is virtues.
You pacify that situation.
Whatever is going to activate it, you pacify it.
In the mind, you really caught that with your mindfulness and stop that.
That is stopping the negative activities.
At the same time, you kind of highlight some of your politeness, or nice gentle more.
That is performing the beneficial.
At the same time, it is gathering the virtues.
And more than that, in the teachings, ever you had a mindfulness that time, did you get that merits
?
You did something really good, I did something good.
I am happy in your, and I wish, may I be able to do that more again in future.
And whatever the energy merit, it came, I did again that for all the sentient beings.
That is also known as in the teachings it is, benefit, performing the beneficial activities.
All the sentient beings.
So therefore, this and this, I mean, generally this kind of, this is not something that,
again the things we can do, it is just practical, being practical, being thoughtful, with
mindfulness,
as the more gradually, gradually move that.
And then big things, and even medium things, whatever we can do is wonderful.
Great.
Every time in the heart, in the joy, joy, and dedicated that merit for all the sentient beings,
whatever we can do.
That is known as, known as they, is, they are all the morality.
Everything comes with that status.
Negative.
Stop with morality, that stops all the negativities.
Morality that will perform with all the positive activities.
And benefit, morality that benefit for all the sentient beings.
Really all came there.
So that is generally the kind of understanding of these moralities.
Now, as I said the other day, or the last time, this, performing all the morality,
that will perform all the positive activities, or dharma activities, that encompass entire
practices.
Entire of these teachings, practices.
For example, all this from here.
Devotee union is teaching, from all this, from anyone till end, it is all.
All it encompasses entirely, entirely like virtualizations, complete stages, very inner teachings.
It encompasses the entire chakrutta chanas, chamata meditations, all that really it encompasses.
And this morality, this performance, gathering all the virtuous activities, also it encompasses
all the six paramatas, practices.
All the six paramatas practices.
Generally, morality is, according to the teaching stage, is the foundation of all the practices.
For that reason, great master.
Nagarojuna said, morality is the earth.
It's the foundation.
Earth is the foundation of everything, whether it moves or whether it don't move.
Everything is best on earth.
Similarly, morality is the best of the entirely realization of the nirvana.
All realization of the enlightenment is the best of all moralities.
So therefore, this performing all, gathering all the virtuous activities,
that encompasses entirely the teachings or practices of the Buddha-dhammas, six paramatas.
And as I said, chamata practice, vipahjana practices, visualizations, and complete state practices.
That is about it.
And so that is really about the second is morality.
Third morality is performing the beneficial activities for all the sentient beings.
Relatively, indirectly, whether it is big, small, medium, whatever, but do with joy.
Do with open heart.
Do with loving-kindness and body health.
And always keep up with the steady, steadily keeping up the beneficial activities.
Whatever that is.
In the teaching mentioned, or in the teaching of Harahant, he said,
now of course we can help the sentient beings.
Now, we can help and start to help as much as we can.
But really, when we can help is when we reach to the post-Bhoomis, or when we reach to the seeing
part.
That time, our activity of the benefit is becoming more effective, more performing.
Because we see more clearly how things can benefit the health of that.
But until that, you can always kind of do our best as much as you can.
With gentle, peaceful manner, with respectful and calm, peaceful.
What is the teaching? What is the teaching said?
Sit, sit, politeness, helping benefit the other beings with polite, with respect, with
communication,
with exchanging communication between you and others.
Nice, welcoming, and also the verbal gesture of politeness.
And the physical gesture of politeness of the smiling.
Kind of a nice looking, respectfully, according to that. And very kind of thoughtful, very
respectful.
Those are really, really rejected in peaceful manner and brightness.
And then, of course, our heart is treated with the bodhicitta, poor-boneness.
Then help according your capabilities, or our capabilities.
According to the readiness of others, how much they need, how much they want.
Never push, never pause, never wobble, embossing.
And gentle, in peaceful manner, helping to the others, with respectful politeness.
And be as friend, be as like, as intimate friend of you can make.
Be friend, and support, and say, share their feelings, share their intentions,
forward, according, then helping to the others as much as you can.
But when we reach to the first, we'll be on the same path.
And the teaching said, at that time, then really you can more effectively benefit
for all sentient beings of those times.
Then in the teaching said, you can use such as full tools
to gathering them and support them to the others.
And kind of politeness, and with that, generosity practice.
Do generosity, and generosity is material generosity,
and teaching generosity, protection of the support
and help by assisting the generosity.
Also whatever they needed, whatever you can do, then do those things.
At the same time, share the feelings, share their kind of interior thoughts.
Mundle with them. We're not just kind of like, support, we're completely kind of like isolated
person.
We mundle with them, with politeness, and ejector, and respect, and respect the members.
At the same time, then whatever we see, teaching generosity, whatever we see,
for example, support to the others, and we also do that too.
We're not just only the talkers, talking. We are practitioners.
We are also continue to keep up that.
So then it's not just an alien, or you're not talking something.
Something from your brains, but talking from the heart.
And we completely calm and peaceful matters.
Those are in the teaching said, so do that, benefit you to send me this.
At any time we will benefit you to able to do something to help,
and we'll be happy ourselves. Happy. And we, may I able to do more next time,
by the blessings of the Buddha and the Bodhisattvas.
And whatever the merit I gain from this, and I gain, may that benefit you for all living beings,
for their enlightenment, for their, removing their suffering and difficulties,
for all of us, and for everything else. Everything is really dedicated in that merit.
So those are in the teaching said, said, said, said, the morality that will
benefit you for all sending this.
Again in the teaching said, as it already said,
indirectly, big, small, medium, whatever you can, we can help.
With joy, with the opportunity, and with respect, with politeness.
That is what the teaching said.
So that is my great talk for today, of this morality.
Again, thank you very much everyone for participating.
And now we do this practice of the Nikiles, and now we're going to do the Achilles.
Actually, what's called Stenless King. Stenless King practice is really, again, so important.
And for example, when we do the, we did it by accidentally, maybe not intentionally,
but many times we do kind of unwholesome activities that happen in the Nikiles.
And what is the best? To put it by. To put it by, clearly said.
There is no negativity that we cannot put it by.
And therefore, to put it by is so important.
So this Stenless King is really one of the very powerful tools of the put it by and negativity.
What in the teaching said, poor powers, we use poor powers, this time.
Radio circle, inseparable definition, so there is radio circle, oh, no.
Inseparable and radio circles. Then we join this practice.
And each of those are minor of the negativity, what that happened to our body, speech mind.
We put it in practice.
In the teaching always, one of those great masters in the teaching said,
put it by the negativity with poor garrisons. Garrisons?
Or poor army brigades? Army brigades.
That is so, that negativity is so powerful, you have to have really strong garrisons.
Garrisons, those are upset.
Those are the garrisons of the body, garrisons of the speech,
garrisons of the mind, and garrisons of the whole.
All that. And body garrisons, what?
They said it during the post sessions.
Or put it hand, tall heart center, well with giant hand.
And speech garrisons is reciting the prayers, reciting these prayers.
Those are the speech garrisons.
And mental garrisons, it is reciting the mantra of the Vedic Satas,
reciting the mantra of the Vedic Satas.
And garrisons to poor all, it is not meditative in the Doki status, or absolute truth.
Those are known as realization, the completion of grace, or the absolute natures.
That is garrisons to all who are in front of them.
And with those garrisons, they know what we make the offerings that time.
And they say the offering of the dharma, offering of the rakta, offering of the amirtha, offering
of the light offerings.
All limited up, all lighted up, and fulfilled them.
And that is also represented our body channel with essence elements, and our awareness goes.
We are the offering. So with those every practices, such as Sten's King, it is very powerful and
very special practice.
Really, in the teachings, it will glorify obscurations and also restore that our merit is so
powerful.
So therefore, in the teachings, of course, we do now 10th day and 25th day, which is good.
Each time in a month, each month, we do two times, which is wonderful.
So it is, in a way, purification practices.
Or it is like sojung. When I teach, it says purify and restore practice, sojung practices.
Or in a way, when I teach, it says nakso means restoring of the samaya problems.
It is broken, so it is a very, very special practice.
So that also we are going to do now, do these practices.
So those are just, I thought, mind it again.
Mind it and thank again for what is ready. We have time.
Now we stay. We do the Sten's King practices.
And then we do all the mena healing practices.
And then the nana chakra ceremony of the Dakini Shinshoja.
And so those are our experience.
Okay, thank you.
Now we do again for a short time.
Short time, the meditation.
Silence is also meditation.
Or Mohammedar meditation.
Or Upandaparanar meditation.
And that is what we are going to do.